README.md, before:

# Budget Tracker App - Backend

## Overview
This is the backend repository for the Budget Tracker App. It handles user authentication, transaction management, and data storage. The backend is designed to interact seamlessly with the frontend through a RESTful API.

## Features
- User authentication with JWT (login, register, and token refresh)
- CRUD operations for transactions
- Secure password hashing
- MongoDB as the database
- Error handling and validation

## Technologies Used
- **Node.js** and **Express.js** for server-side logic
- **MongoDB** for the database
- **Mongoose** for database schema and queries
- **JWT** for authentication
- **Axios** for HTTP requests

## Setup Instructions
1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/mayurrogheliya/budget-tracker-backend.git
   ```
2. Navigate to the project directory:
   ```bash
   cd budget-tracker-backend
   ```
3. Install dependencies:
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```
4. Start the server:
   ```bash
   npm start
   ```

## License

This project is licensed under the [MIT License](./LICENSE).

Commit message:

docs: add frontend repository link to README

README.md, after:

# Budget Tracker App - Backend

## Overview
This is the backend repository for the Budget Tracker App. It handles user authentication, transaction management, and data storage. The backend is designed to interact seamlessly with the frontend through a RESTful API.

## Frontend Repository
You can find the frontend code for this project here:  
🔗 [Budget Tracker - Frontend](https://github.com/mayurrogheliya/budget-tracker-frontend)

## Features
- User authentication with JWT (login, register, and token refresh)
- CRUD operations for transactions
- Secure password hashing
- MongoDB as the database
- Error handling and validation

## Technologies Used
- **Node.js** and **Express.js** for server-side logic
- **MongoDB** for the database
- **Mongoose** for database schema and queries
- **JWT** for authentication
- **Axios** for HTTP requests

## Setup Instructions
1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/mayurrogheliya/budget-tracker-backend.git
   ```
2. Navigate to the project directory:
   ```bash
   cd budget-tracker-backend
   ```
3. Install dependencies:
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```
4. Start the server:
   ```bash
   npm start
   ```

## License

This project is licensed under the [MIT License](./LICENSE).
